you ever see that worms the hey mobile sometimes sometimes they want that
sometimes they climb up the grass sometimes they swarm on top of one
mud puddle do you think they use the sun just like us
moon and clouds wanna see I don't know you think the birds
looking down could ever see the underground world like the
sometimes worms that see them see the same sky every day
she imagined there is another world below where the forms are
flying down while sitting on streetlamps
looking she imagined hearing me sitting on their own lantern poles and
looking up from an upside-down world
do you think that when birds fly over a lake, birds want the underwater world
see as the visscherie see she imagined himself under water and others
sun and moon are all the fish can see in the sky they see the sun the moon
and the clouds so she imagined the fishes
have their own world with their own sun at the bottom of the lake
I imagine when the fish come to the surface
what do they expect to see some seaweed and and octoplus that comes along in one
other ocean upside down above them in the sky
yes i think it is worms want to see the sky and birds want the
see underground world and fish want to see a different ocean in the
clouds and the pigs and the cows then what do you mean i think cows the
want to see heaven but they are living in millions of cows their entire lives
factories make milk and never see heaven i often think it is heaven
but millions of them in the factories are in and out their whole lives
waited for their death as looking up
see are only a metal roof and when they look down they see
only a concrete floor maybe she imagined the
world outside has only a metal roof
and the forests and fields are made of cement and steel
even the worms want to see heaven